# gary-37min

They use a contract to raise the app. They want to take the track. They don't want to take to pay attention to the numbers and they want to have the immigration. Yeah, we all understand that. And you just need to let us have some time to bring you things, do your work, do the work, and then we'll get back to you with an answer. And then by that time, we would have more time to discuss. If you agree with certain approach, if you have different perspective, we will definitely respect your differential and then we will like to know how it works. But yeah, at this stage, I will write to them, let us give them an end of life. Let us try to also be able to let us tell you the plan why. Let us try to do everything. Okay, because the reason you pay us is because you trust our professional experience, right? Like, we will do all this work, yeah. You know, I actually thank you for calling me out. I've been waiting for this call for the others. You know, for you, I do trust you because we talk and James, my girl who's reference to you and I know you also work with other friends. friends, his friend actually is a reference view. So I have the trust in you. But it just sometimes, like Amanda, when she asked me questions, it's making it worse, to be honest, is, I know you got a professional, I know you got a busy, I know you're busy. And that's why for me, I'm kind of guy, come on. I grow up in a place where it's a community's country, right? So I would take everything responsible myself. This is my best way of doing everything. do you see like I drag something on all this because I'm just a very, I'm just a very you guys so busy you get miss misunderstandings or you know you do see me you know I also like you I'm a bowler so whatever I do I do everything to account and I rather I rather I know this actually I know I pay for you at this premium ride I know you will do a good job but I'm just myself just this way you work with me because I think if we It works exactly with this term. We're gonna work together in a long time because this means I wanna be a long term relationship. I wanna buy someone like you to be honest. I want to buy someone like you because you know. I think I think I think here is, I would say that usually it's a cultural thing. I don't know if you, it's very different than we had about, like how we approach tax and how we approach credit. Like the approach we are using in certain locations about you. In fact, we have been using home for 10 years. So they have spent the time, spent the discussion, and are usually in 99 for 9% of the fees. If our client just responds or requests, we will get them and keep them in the client. Which is they don't find, and also the question, who does your... It's like you have some wording that for example, you use and sure someday you will be guaranteed something or I ask you your immigration application. Okay, I'll keep it going. But then like you know, I kind of know professional with then you have the phone in like home. Because those are completely outside like, the thing is, like, a CTA, like, when you were a student, it was possible for a woman and a bride, just like the same. So, I wanted, like, you know, like, some of this, like, conversation. I believe it's just a cultural difference, or, as a few of you have really, you have I understand that you have a lot of attention. That's why I think this point is next story. I know that I need to give you a call and try to understand the situation. It's like I would say it again like we like and that that's good of us and we will have to choose different things. I'm sure the point that all you feel of your culture and that we will then respond. Yeah, because now that I'm off of pressure lodges, I would say the apparent things in different ways, but they are just asking the same thing. We actually comfortable some sound in the call sound. We just go stuff week. And this is okay because the knowledge part is different right up by you. We come to us. Yes, just I would say that the particular of all sounds that are please understand that like unfortunately if you have to really be with the knowledge and that's why it's the time to try to understand like our perspective and why we need to do this. It's not because we want to just stay in time and not answer your question or whatever because a lot of the time like for example I give you a really good example, for example, you can hold your hands, or you can mention hold your shoulders like, oh I'm not restful, and so on and so on. And those are, should be like completely removed from your body, because this is like, this is show over analyze and being really paranoid and this will not happen. Yes, because of how the NATO is like we have worked here with you to be friends. We know what it's like sometimes. If you mind, you can get rid of those very first yes. Yeah, but I say something. Yes. So thank you for calling and I just clarified. I agree. I agree. There's one thing going. So when Amanda asked the question differently, it would trigger me. Because I went after I came to you guys, I always did the law study today. And I know you guys are one of the top. And that's why I decided to go with you guys and review specifically to be honest, because I talked to you as well, trust me. So like when Amanda asked me questions where the way she talked, you know, I'm a detail all together. Come on, I'm a fucking father, right? I'm a father, so I have businesses. I'm at this age, you know, I mean, it's beyond a law of law. And it's not, it's okay, all this thing. I'm not sure. I'm sure that I have limited knowledge intact. That's why I'm here with you, right? Because you know all this. And I learned to work with you. I would say it doesn't feel like I'm pretty 50 much emotion. In the email, it is a standard approach to share when there is a question or both questions. We ask the same questions to over 500 to about the client. So please post, take over and analyze about both. And as you may want to different poses, like I don't know, like in a professional setting or out to know, They are this pamphlet, like, do you think it's just certain thing? You think it's not professional? That's my concern now, like, really? I mean, if it's you, I just come from you, like telling me, hey, it's Gary telling me, okay, so we're gonna, because when she asks the questions, okay, so they're gonna do like this, they're gonna keep the 60,000s, right? So she asks my wife, okay, the one thing is, or ask me, okay, I was like, oh, come on, I need more assessment from Gary, because I don't know whether it's come from her, Amanda. I was thinking of you. I can have a parent, a patient, right? Like that, you don't need it. I think one of the problems like being that we need to be really important by finding this real professional I'm trying to get to know you We have a lot to complain about under our current soul. Our plan should not just rely on the high work of like most of the whole correspondence of course as part of the service. So when we take the soul to aim, we are responsible for that. So when I'm saying something to you, if you need clarification, you just need to respond, you can say no, then you explain certain things why you make this pressure. We are all trying to give you more explanation. However, if you just reply yes, you agree, but later on you actually disagree, that's not an effective communication. Okay, so regardless what position we're supposed to hit, because I cannot do everything, I think we have a lot of interest in this problem. Every year. That's what I think I worry about. That's what I think I worry. Everyone just comes to me to confirm everything about the health. If you want to be a person like me, or if you want to be a person, if you want to be a person, then please just focus on that question and try to ask us to be the absolute. And for now, what we want, what we don't want is our client releasing a lot of different new questions or just paraphrasing all the questions and answers that ask for the same thing. The thing is, we understand how our client wants to achieve the goals. We are investing both. We just want to make sure you keep us fine. We do all of that. No, I definitely will give you guys time to just tell me where. Or tell Amanda, hey, give us two days. I will answer you this. I mean, she responded really quick, really fast. I like it. But the one thing is, I don't feel like certain or I don't feel like free of mind.

explicitly how you that we would know the way how to do things so I appreciate I am to just let them see you all work and I think we will give you an explanation of different things and because a lot of the question is not something we can advise in writing and if it's out of our our, for example, if you mentioned IRC, or your application, so it's not something we, for IP tell it's also right. I can't just get your as a friend or as a, as a I'm so rational outside of school, but the thing is not so effective or I'm very... Yeah, exactly. No, I mean, it just tell me, you know, because I thought like the one thing is, you know, I know, like you said, you actually do all this immigration stuff to the cow-ten CPA, the speed relations, so I thought... Yeah, I just want... No, I just want... I just want Amanda to, when I recap it, I know it's... It's take a lot of time for me to think about all this but I just want to make sure that because I don't know

I'm sorry. Hey, we are businessmen. It's okay to throw me things. And I listen. Yeah, I just want to, you just tell Amanda, maybe just my style, just when say something, or when do a new thing, just telling me like, okay, this is actually, make sure that this is actually, she assess this and that's actually coming from your team because I don't know, like, because I only know you. I don't know her profile. So, like you do not even know the name, we are responsible for our response. I'm glad to hear. And we have been available to teachers. And then again, yeah, because our team, every day, like myself, I have also a powerful email. And the man that happens also, I'm sure for sure. So we are very interested in our point, but we really think that many, if you want a bit more to come from things, just simply, yeah, we have people, yeah, I have to say, yeah. Yeah, I mean, that's why, you know, like, hey, I think that's the right way that you call communication. Because maybe I'm always a little different in law people, which is my way of doing Yes, yes. I just wanted to show that I get the percentage of that. In Canada, we were willing to be multicultural, we were affected by complications by others. But when we handle this kind of sensitive factors, we need our clients to follow up. Yeah, I definitely, but just tell the one thing, I also have a lot of clients, So different clients, they have a different way of communication, not everyone's the same. So for sure, we are working together. For sure, the way you call me like this, you're not trimming me like every client. So we call you telling me this and you're actually taking to consideration that I have a little bit of concern that you call, which is a great thing for you to do. So that's exactly what I'm going to do too. to. It's just like, sometimes I would do like because if Amanda, if she just say things like, she's in a way that it's just, you know, it's not emotional for me to give me, like, oh, she don't know that. Is that just come for me? I would say that if this is, it's because it's a distraction, right? Like, a lot of the time, I realized that I was buying just to give too much information when we ask, like, do we want to be excited or be like, the YouTube, the other kind of question. Yeah, and actually only about information, of course, the 10, maybe basically, I mean, to filter out, like, one of the information out of, like, our customers, which is not helpful or when we are really busy. Yeah, I also want to, like, emphasize one point And the side one point is usually in similar cases, for clients like Nestle only gives them like certain minutes call. Like because you're prepared by them, like we actually give you a lot of interest for the project. But I still understand you still have a lot of professional users, but I think you'll be a bit more not-trippin' bored about that. But of your users, like I understand your how to keep those and your concerns. You think we can think of that for too much of a narrow? Gary, if you said so, I would love to. I hate you, you said so. I just want to know, okay, Gary and the team already can see it all information. That's why I just want Amanda to say. And if it's that, the case that I'm buying, I don't want to. You're really worth the year, what do you say? So I'm saying it's like, because you said that right now, I only take everything to consideration. I'll team too. I meant that when she answered and asked me questions, I'm scared because I don't know whether it's from your team or from you or it's just from her. I don't know her enough. You just over analyzed. Like in a lot of our cases, like our especially for in reverse fire they have no clue what they are talking sometimes they are not familiar with the previous they would tell us information that is incorrect and they would tell us like information in consistently and they would tell us information so this is the most effective, like the chair that we need to come up with, if you're a fire, if you feel like you're a fire, or you're a fire on the front chair, you can use the same fire as a fire, like you're not comfortable with the job, you're on depression, and then you're a test of your feeling more and discuss that. For this type of discussion that we want, I don't mean you are trying to award that kind of thing as long as you really do it. Gary, I, if you knew what I mean because later you know I was so wanted to help on the cooperation stuff. If you, we work at long time, I like this much. I'm the kind of guy that I, I'm not getting offensive very easily. I want you to throw at me whatever you feel like I'm not doing the right thing. I don't know if I can tell you that because they like that. That's just being honest. That's why I love to work with Hong Kong people, right? You guys are honest, and then I don't know if I do something that is cap out the line. You say, hey, it's a little out the line. Oh, I'll hear. I'll listen. But I would love to hear. And I would love to hear from you. Because I know like, because I only know you right now. I don't know Amanda. If like you would treat me like Amanda. I don't know like what in coordinator to be honest. I don't know what kind of...

We want to make sure our client expectation is not the same time we need to connect the out of the presentation. Sometimes we work with a lot of the staffers, like Trump, or say over analyze the work. And it looks like an example, or make it like a research paper, and then we would directly tell them, We are trying to get the text from the phone. We are not trying to have a... Gary, I'm a fucking tech guy. I'm a fucking tech guy, okay. And you know, tech guy can be very intelligent. And you know it. And I'm also businessman like you. But yes, you tell me, hey, we got it. I trust you. I trust you. That's why I signed with you. We will give you another discussion. We will have another discussion on the finish. Everything and before we start the discussion. It's a standard procedure. When we were doing something, everything I would solve gets a few of proof of solving. Don't worry about it. We just need some time to be good for that. question is that anything now you can answer or the checklist or whatever. Oh she have my wife actually upload everything I also told Amanda to actually she already uploaded to the Google Drive and so that it's easy for to keep that inside and then there are a few questions she had and that's it my wife is still up so I'm in that

intelligence in the way that it's very different. Many people are behinding or nothing and they need specific ideas on every day and they need us to actively inspecting the infection. Like we understand you're being very proactive on everything and then we appreciate that and we will we'll try to like approach all how we can like do this better together. So that's why I need to get ready to call. They say, come yourself down. And my dad tell me I cannot call because I don't go with this Gary talking or she's. I think they have four absolutely overall or rationalized service skills. I call them five years and stuff. They should still want to think something that is not 100% sure. a lot of the emails are actually built by us. So, I really do. That's why I share about tax advisory. When we put only a tax advisory in lane lane, also we built a tax. Yeah. So, we have this time on advisory, it will take us 1,000. We have only the company, the old that they have like over a billion dollars. So yeah, we will protect our own family. No, please protect me. Gary, I really did your expertise right here. I just want you to notice this out case, please. And I'm going to ask you.

But actually, she is kind of, you know,

Yeah, at the same time, I think the overall is just...

